from director Robert Altman comes a
story
yeah of Hollywood I got a writer in here
it's got a picture I think y'all here I
think it's hot we open outside san
quintin the Graduate part two and mrs.
Robinson had a stroke so she can't talk
be funny yeah it'll be funny Griffin
mill is a hotshot studio executive
Angelica Griffin oh good to see you
welcome like down oh here hi Burt
do you know Zia he's heard every pitch
exactly right it's out of Africa meets
pretty woman he knows all the angles
we're gonna have to have a little
sexiness okay yeah sure of course we'll
get it slowly pushes your panties down
to her knees and all the players wear
the Stars no stas toe stars Bruce Bruce
I want Bruce Willis I'll boost witties
no swats a mega kill your bobbins now
he's about to star how did this get here
that come from a writer hello is David
Kahane there please hey this is good
vanilla the dead man in his most
unforgettable story yet stop all the
postcards
this is a tough story a tragedy
not unlike ghost meets Manchurian
Candidate the trouble is something you
have to know if you want to Pasadena
with an attempt to kill you could go to
the gas chamber
it's not a movie I'd like you to come
down to the station I would hate to get
the wrong person arrested oh please this
is Pasadena we do not arrest you on
first SLA it's his life are you seeing
someone else you talk to a party Griffin
with several hundred of my best friends
to place it like this really exists only
noise Robert Altman's the player can we
talk about something on a Leawood for a
change yes we're educated people